hangman_test.cpp  Win   - dislikes
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Jennings
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - brand's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - remunerating
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - remunerating
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - understudying
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Pincus
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - sentient
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - worker's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Castries's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - armors
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - disembark
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - layoff
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - halfpence
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - splicer
hangman_solver.cpp  Win   - e
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - zincing
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Draco
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - bandaged
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - ticking
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - Locke
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - riddance's
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - vamoosing
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - obedient
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - streetcar's
hangman_test.cpp  Win   - landslidden
hangman_test.cpp  Loss  - quicksand's
